# Automation Testing with Selenium, Appium, TestNG, and Extent Reports

# Project Overview

This automation project is designed to test the web app "OrangeHRM" and the hybrid app "LetyShops." It automates essential features such as login, homepage navigation, search functionality, profile management, and logout.

# Table of Contents

* [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
* [Setup](#setup)
* [Project Structure](#project-structure)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Test Execution](#test-execution)
* [Reports](#reports)

# Prerequisites

## Before you get started, make sure you have the following prerequisites:

* Java SDK
* Selenium WebDriver
* Appium
* TestNG
* Extent Reports
* WebDriver binaries for the browsers you intend to test
* Android SDK (for mobile automation)

# Setup
## Follow these steps to set up your development environment:

1. Clone the repository:
    git -c http.sslVerify=false clone https://10.10.90.151/akash.hn/seleniummobileautomation.git
2. Navigate to the project directory:
    cd seleniummobileautomation
3. Install the necessary dependencies:
    update the maven project
    mvn clean install.

# Project Structure

seleniummobileautomation/
  ├── src/
  │   ├── main/
  │   │   └── ...
  │   └── test/
  │       ├── java/
  │       │   └── com/
  │       │       ├── base/
  │       │       ├── pages/
  │       │       └── tests/
  │       │       
  │       └── resources/
  │             ├── app/
  │             ├── driver/
  │             ├── config/
  │             └── data/
  │      
  ├── reports/
  │   ├── screenshots/
  │   └── Extenreport.html
  │
  └── logs/

# Usage

## To use this automation project effectively, follow these guidelines:

 * Write test cases in TestNG.
 * Organize your test suites logically.
 * Make your test cases independent and maintainable.
 * Use proper coding conventions and best practices.

# Test Execution

 To run tests, you can use the following commands:

 * mvn test -Dtest=TestClassName

# Reports

Access test reports generated by Extent Reports to gain insights into test results. The reports are available in the reports directory.


